Query : Get Birk Parameters (#89)
Concordium/concordium-java-sdk: README.md

```
Retrives the node software version.

- `getBirkParameters`
```java
BirkParameters getBirkParameters(Hash blockHash) throws Exception
```

> Get consensus-relevant information for the specified block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get an overview of the parameters used for baking for a given block.
```

Author: done

SemVer version = client.getVersion();
```

#### getBirkParameters
```java

> val birkParams = client

Reviewer: Please provide type.

Author: done
